README.md, before:

# Overview
This terraform module will access a server and create a cookbook artifact from a policyfile, and then run chef-solo against that artifact

### Supported platform families:
 * Debian
 * SLES
 * RHEL

## Usage

```hcl

module "chef_server" {
  source           = "devoptimist/policyfile/chef"
  version          = "0.0.9"
  ips              = ["172.16.0.23"]
  instance_count   = 1
  user_name        = "ec2-user"
  user_private_key = "~/.ssh/id_rsa"
}
```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|----------|
|ips|A list of ip addresses where chef-solo will run|list|[]|no|
|instance_count|The number of instances that will have chef-solo run on them| integer |0|no|
|user_name|The ssh or winrm user name used to access the ip addresses provided|string||yes|
|user_pass|The ssh or winrm user password used to access the ip addresses (either user_pass or user_private_key needs to be set)|string|""|no|
|user_private_key|The ssh user key used to access the ip addresses (either user_pass or user_private_key needs to be set)|string|""|no|
|hook_data|If you need this module to depend on the output of another module/resource use this variable to store its output|string|"{}"|no|
|system_type|The system type linux or windows|string|linux|no|
|linux_tmp_path|The location of a temp directory to store install scripts on|string|/var/tmp|no|
|windows_installer_name|The name of the windows chef install script|string|installer.ps1|no|
|linux_installer_name|The name of the linux chef install script|string|installer.sh|no|
|jq_windows_url|A url to a jq binary to download, used in the install process|string|https://github.com/stedolan/jq/releases/download/jq-1.6/jq-win64.exe|no|
|jq_linux_url|A url to a jq binary to download, used in the install process|string|https://github.com/stedolan/jq/releases/download/jq-1.6/jq-linux64|no|
|chef_bootstrap_version|The version of chef workstaion to install|string|0.7.4|no|
|policyfile|Use this variable to pass through a policy file to run|string|""|no|
|dna|A list JSON strings of chef attributes to apply to the chef-solo runs of each ip address|list|[]|no|
|policyfile_name|The name to give the auto generated policyfile (used if the policyfile variable is set to an empty string|string|""|no|
|default_source|The default source to use in the auto generated policyfile|string|:supermarket|no|
|runlist|The runlist to pass through to the auto generated policyfile|list|[]|no|
|cookbooks|The cookbook names, locations and versions to pass through to the auto generated policyfile|map|{}|no|
|module_inputs|A list of JSON strings of chef attributes used for the chef-solo run, these attributes are merged with the dna attributes, but unlike the dna variable, the module_inputs are not included in the triggers for this module. This is needed becuse some output generated by external data sources seems to cause the module trigger to fire each time it is run|list|[]|no|

Commit message:

updating to use module_depends_on

README.md, after:

# Overview
This terraform module will access a server and create a cookbook artifact from a policyfile, and then run chef-solo against that artifact

### Supported platform families:
 * Debian
 * SLES
 * RHEL

## Usage

```hcl

module "chef_server" {
  source           = "devoptimist/policyfile/chef"
  version          = "0.0.11"
  ips              = ["172.16.0.23"]
  instance_count   = 1
  user_name        = "ec2-user"
  user_private_key = "~/.ssh/id_rsa"
}
```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|----------|
|ips|A list of ip addresses where chef-solo will run|list|[]|no|
|instance_count|The number of instances that will have chef-solo run on them| integer |0|no|
|user_name|The ssh or winrm user name used to access the ip addresses provided|string||yes|
|user_pass|The ssh or winrm user password used to access the ip addresses (either user_pass or user_private_key needs to be set)|string|""|no|
|user_private_key|The ssh user key used to access the ip addresses (either user_pass or user_private_key needs to be set)|string|""|no|
|hook_data|If you need this module to depend on the output of another module/resource use this variable to store its output|string|"{}"|no|
|system_type|The system type linux or windows|string|linux|no|
|linux_tmp_path|The location of a temp directory to store install scripts on|string|/var/tmp|no|
|windows_installer_name|The name of the windows chef install script|string|installer.ps1|no|
|linux_installer_name|The name of the linux chef install script|string|installer.sh|no|
|jq_windows_url|A url to a jq binary to download, used in the install process|string|https://github.com/stedolan/jq/releases/download/jq-1.6/jq-win64.exe|no|
|jq_linux_url|A url to a jq binary to download, used in the install process|string|https://github.com/stedolan/jq/releases/download/jq-1.6/jq-linux64|no|
|chef_bootstrap_version|The version of chef workstaion to install|string|0.7.4|no|
|policyfile|Use this variable to pass through a policy file to run|string|""|no|
|dna|A list JSON strings of chef attributes to apply to the chef-solo runs of each ip address|list|[]|no|
|policyfile_name|The name to give the auto generated policyfile (used if the policyfile variable is set to an empty string|string|""|no|
|default_source|The default source to use in the auto generated policyfile|string|:supermarket|no|
|runlist|The runlist to pass through to the auto generated policyfile|list|[]|no|
|cookbooks|The cookbook names, locations and versions to pass through to the auto generated policyfile|map|{}|no|
|module_depends_on|List of modules or resources this module depends on|list|[]|no|
